[Music]
alright guys a blonde she is back with
another virtual Pro look-alike and it is
the legend David Beckham the man with
many looks than men with many clubs I've
put him in a Manchester united kit
because that's where we all start for
him
the look may not be what he looked like
when he was in a Manchester United kits
so don't hate on me for that guys it's a
picture that I've found which I thought
I could get him to look quite like and
that is the one I used to make CP let's
bring him down a bit so you can see him
up close from behind and your first
thing you'll notice is you know it's not
really beckham's hairstyle but when I
turn it around you'll see why I've used
it he did have a Mohican at one time
goes one Trillium mohawk he's had his
hair Spidey's he's had it so many
different ways you know about his image
rights it's David Beckham anyway guys
let's turn around and fly turning around
I will just say to you I was quite
surprised with his profile it's very
different to his face on and obviously
doing these poos I really study a
profile picture of the player and a face
on picture and try and get a good
combination of the two
now I closed all my computer pictures
everything I change turned him round so
she can't see his name when I asked my
girlfriend who she thought it was
Burnham on she's not a great football
fan and she said David Beckham story so
it's not too bad so let's spin him round
and I'll shut up and you can have a look
and see what you think for yourself
proof oh no the proof Oh will really
surprise you you wouldn't think it's
proof Allah's like that but trust me if
you get the profile picture of him
holding the Olympic torch
he is probably more pronounced nose and
chin than though I have actually made it
but I didn't want to over emphasize it
but the face on is where it comes into
his own guys so that's just turning
around a bit and then give him a little
bit of angle there I even tried to get
him a little slant on his mouth like
David Beckham because when David Beckham
talks his mouth goes on a little bit of
a slant and that's what I've tried to do
the picture I used to Beckham was
probably when he got his MBE because he
was all sooner than David you know and
his hair was very much like that on top
I know it's not now guys but that was
the one I thought looked most like bacon
with that hairstyle on but obviously
there's many many different hairstyles
you could use but it will change the way
he looks so I think you've looked more
like Beckham facially with that hair
stopped on him
that is was gone with it hey guys I'm
good a sharp now and leave you with this
sentence
[Music]
just quickly though goes if you wanted
to look more recent you could put the
partial goalie on him by the picture I
was copy and he just had a stubble so I
just left it look that but it looks
pretty good with the parcel stubble our
parcel go here him as well but I would
leave him like that fades up to you
because I think he does look very much
looking with both for shut up again
[Music]
[Applause]
you